Add GSoC contributor blog post (#6383)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/blog/2023/05/16/2023-05-16-vandit1604-introduction-blog-post.adoc

---
layout: post
title: Introducing Myself as a GSoC 2023 Student Working on Building Jenkins.io with Alternative Tools
tags:
- gsoc
- gsoc2023
authors:
- vandit1604
sig: 
- gsoc
---

image:/images/gsoc/jenkins-gsoc-logo_small.png[Jenkins GSoC, role=center, float=right]

Dear Jenkins Community,

I am thrilled to have this opportunity to introduce myself as a Google Summer of Code (GSoC) 2023 student who will be working on the exciting project of building jenkins.io with alternative tools. 
I am genuinely excited to join this vibrant community and contribute to the development of Jenkins, a widely adopted and powerful automation server.

== Project Description/Motivation:
The project I will be working on aims to generate the existing Jenkins.io website using alternative tools like Antora and Gatsby, The primary goal of this project is to make the jenkins user documentation Product Version Bound.

> Both the tools are about

Author: forgot to `ctrl + s` after writing ;)

== Introduction:
Let me take a moment to introduce myself.
My name is Vandit Singh, and I am an aspiring software developer from India with a passion for automation and continuous integration/continuous delivery (CI/CD) practices.
I have a strong interest in Java, DevOps and Web, and I am eager to leverage my skills to have a fruitful summer under Google Summer of Code.

Throughout my academic journey, I have realized the tremendous potential of automation in streamlining software development processes. My exposure to Jenkins, both as a user and an admirer of its capabilities, has inspired me to become an active contributor to its growth and evolution.

== Plans for the Near Future:

> As I embark on this GSoC journey, I have laid out some plans for the initial phase of the project before the mid-term evaluations. Firstly, I will focus on developing a prototype of jenkins.io with Antora with Versioned User Documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As I embark on this GSoC journey, I have laid out some plans for the initial phase of the project before the mid-term evaluations.
Firstly, I will focus on developing a prototype of jenkins.io with Antora with Versioned User Documentation.
```

---
layout: post

> title: Introducing Myself as a GSoC 2023 Student Working on Building Jenkins.io with Alternative Tools

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Introducing Vandit Singh as the GSoC 2023 Contributor Working on Building Jenkins.io with Alternative Tools
```

tags:
- gsoc
- gsoc2023
authors:
- vandit1604
sig: 
- gsoc
---

image:/images/gsoc/jenkins-gsoc-logo_small.png[Jenkins GSoC, role=center, float=right]

Dear Jenkins Community,

> I am thrilled to have this opportunity to introduce myself as a Google Summer of Code (GSoC) 2023 student who will be working on the exciting project of building jenkins.io with alternative tools. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
I am thrilled to have this opportunity to introduce myself as the Google Summer of Code (GSoC) 2023 contributor who will be working on the exciting project of "Building jenkins.io with alternative tools". 
```

I am genuinely excited to join this vibrant community and contribute to the development of Jenkins, a widely adopted and powerful automation server.

== Project Description/Motivation:
The project I will be working on aims to generate the existing Jenkins.io website using alternative tools like Antora and Gatsby.
The primary goal of this project is to make the Jenkins user documentation Product Version Bound.
Both the tools are used for site generation however we will be using Antora for the most parts of the site as its the best fits to our current needs.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

with a focus on maintaing the current theme and layout.

Throughout the GSoC period, I am eager to collaborate with the Jenkins community, engage in discussions, and learn from the experienced members who have been instrumental in shaping Jenkins into the remarkable tool it is today.
I genuinely believe that this project will be a collective effort, and I am excited to collaborate and contribute in a meaningful way.

== In Closing:
As I embark on this incredible journey as a GSoC 2023 student, I would like to express my gratitude to the Jenkins community for giving me this opportunity.
I am honored to be part of a community that fosters innovation and promotes open-source collaboration.

I am filled with a sense of enthusiasm and anticipation as I dive into the project and get to know the community better. 
Together, we can unlock new possibilities and ensure that Jenkins remains at the forefront of continuous integration and delivery.

Please stay tuned for updates and feel free to reach out to me via the Jenkins community channels. 
Your guidance, feedback, and support are invaluable as I work towards building a more vibrant and resourceful jenkins.io.

> Thank you all for your warm welcome, and here's to an exciting and fruitful GSoC

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Thank you all for your warm welcome, and here's to an exciting and fruitful GSoC.
```
